{\rtf1\ansi \deff75\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\f75\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 Bookman{\*\falt Bookman Old Style};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul \sbasedon0\snext1 heading 1;}{\s2\sb480\sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f75\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext2 heading 2;}{\s3\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \i\f75\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext3 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc\sl-240\slmult1 \i\f75\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 header;}{\s16\li720\sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext16 Normal Indent;}{\s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 \snext17 
List Entry;}{\s18\fi-576\li576\ri576\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep \f75\fs22 \snext18 Numbered List;}{\s19\qc\sb240\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f2\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext19 Title;}{\s20\ri4680\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs20 \snext20 LEFT SIDE-BY-SIDE;}{
\s21\li4680\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs20 \snext21 RIGHT SIDE-BY-SIDE;}{\s22\fi-2160\li2160\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\tx2160\tx2880 \f3\fs20 \snext22 Parameter List;}{\s23\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f2\ul \snext23 SUBHEAD;}{\s24\li2160\ri2160\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 
\f75\fs22\ul \sbasedon0\snext24 Value List;}{\s25\li2160\ri2160\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 \sbasedon24\snext25 VALUE LIST Item;}}{\info{\author VISI}{\operator MARK MAGLIOCCO}{\creatim\yr1994\mo3\dy27\hr18\min1}{\revtim\yr1994\mo4\dy14\hr18\min32}
{\printim\yr1994\mo4\dy14\hr18\min32}{\version1}{\edmins3}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49203}}\margl1080\margr1080 \facingp\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\ftnrestart\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex576\endnhere {\headerr \pard\plain 
\s15\qr\sl-240\slmult1 \i\f75\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 7}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc\sl-240\slmult1 \i\f75\fs20 Voice Information Systems Inc
\par Sales: 1-800-234-VISI {{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20}}} Int'l: +310-392-8780\line Fax: 1-800-234-FXIT {{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20}}} Int'l: +310-392-5511
\par www.vinfo.com {{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20}}} sales@vinfo.com
\par \pard\plain \s19\qc\sb240\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f2\fs28 Audio ToolBox{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 228 \\f "Symbol" \\s 14}{\fldrslt\f1\fs28}}}\line 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul What is {\i Audio ToolBox}{\i {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 228 \\f "Symbol" \\s 14}{\fldrslt\f1\fs28}}}?
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 Save time & sound great! {\b\i Audio ToolBox} lets you batch process and convert your digital audio files to and from industry standard formats. {\b\i Audio ToolBox}
 is a professional quality conversion utility for the MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows operating system.
\par Convert to and from Microsoft Multimedia Wave (8, 16 & MS ADPCM), linear 16 and unsigned 8 bit, Dialogic 4 and 8 bit, plus other industry standard formats. {\b\i Audio ToolBox}
 lets you convert files recorded at 22 kHz, 11 kHz, 8 kHz and 6 kHz - and provides filters for proper re-sampling.
\par Automatically 
chop a single recording session into separate files - normalize the volume across multiple files - recombine them into an indexed file. Add dynamic compression / expansion for improved sound, auto-crop silence from both ends,  even filter DTMF Touch-Tones
 to eliminate "talk-off" application errors. And {\b\i Audio ToolBox} handles files of any length- in less than 256K of memory!
\par Now you can record, edit and review prompts with your Multimedia audio systems, then batch process and transfer them with enhanced fidelity!
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul {\i Audio ToolBox Version 3.0 Features:}
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-576\li576\ri576\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep \f75\fs22 * {\b\i Industry Standard Formats:}
 Supports popular digitizers and industry standard platforms such as Dialogic 4 & 8 bit, CCITT G.721 & G.711, NewVoice CVSD, Perception Technology CVSD, Multimedia Wave, and more!
\par * {\b\i Unlimited File Length:} Our disk caching technology lets you convert any length message - yet uses as little as 256K of memory!
\par * {\b\i Fast Conversion: }\~10x conversion speed with normal filtering; 1x conversion speed with high fidelity filtering!
\par * {\b\i High Fidelity Conversion:} Optional FFT anti-aliasing and resampling interpolation filters; default two-pole anti-aliasing filters. You can even filter DTMF Touch-Tones to eliminate "talk-off" errors in your applications!
\par * {\b\i Improved Dynamics:} Use our dynamic compressor / expander for improved dynamic range!
\par * {\b\i Volume Normalize / Adjust:} Normalize the volume levels across multiple files; adjust the volume level up or down!
\par * {\b\i Auto-Crop}: Automatically remove silence from either end of an audio file!
\par * {\b\i Frequency Equalize:} Programmable 32 band graphic equalizer!
\par * {\b\i Foreign file formats:} Specify starting byte position to skip custom file headers; set input file length for embedded data; select byte and bit ordering options for reading files from non-Intel computers!
\par * {\b\i Index Chop & Pack:} Separate indexed files for batch processing, recombine when complete!
\par * {\b\i Index Rebuild:} Add empty index entries to an existing file, merge voice or text into a new or existing index position, and rebuild damaged indexed files!
\par * {\b\i Index List:} Lists header, voice and text information for any indexed file!
\par * {\b\i Sound Chop:} Chop a single audio file into separate files using a silence period as separator. Use this to separate a long recording session into individual files!
\par * {\b\i Software Development Kit:} Add conversion capability to your audiotex applications with our ToolBox SDK!
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul About this Guide
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 This {\b\i Working Demo Version} documentation is provided as a basic guideline for {\b\i Audio ToolBox version 3.0} commands. Contact your distributor or VISI for our full {\b\i Audio ToolBox} v
ersion 3.0 package including manual.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul What You Need to Run {\i Audio ToolBox}:
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 An IBM PC/AT or compatible with a hard drive, monitor and at least 512K of memory.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Additions for Maximum Performance:
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 {\b\i Audio ToolBox} will automatically take advantage of additional system resources if they are available. The following additions may significantly improve performance for your processing needs:
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-576\li576\ri576\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep \f75\fs22 * {\b\i An 80x87 math co-processor chip:} If you will be performing a large number of filtering and conversion operations, you may want t
o use a math co-processor chip to improve speed by as much as a factor of ten.
\par * {\b\i Additional memory:} {\b\i Audio ToolBox} will run faster and swap less frequently with approximately 512K of RAM. Additional memory may improve file input/output performance.
\par \pard\plain \s19\qc\sb240\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f2\fs28 
\par Command Line
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Options
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 When you run {\b\i Audio ToolBox}, the command line is checked for user-specified options. To run {\b\i Audio ToolBox} with command line options enter:
\par {\b\i Audio ToolBox Command}{\b  }{\b\f3 File -xxx}
\par where {\b\i File} is the name of the file to convert, and {\b\i -xxx} is one of the command line options explained in the following sections.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul IdxChp
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-2160\li2160\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\tx2160\tx2880 \f3\fs20 IdxChp [-h] IdxFile [VoxExt TxtExt]
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 Chop indexed files into pure audio and text files that can be batch processed, converted and edited.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Parameters\tab Description
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i\fs24 -h:}\tab \tab \tab Display abbreviated help screen.
\par {\b\i\fs24 IdxFile:\tab }\tab Input file name specification.
\par {\b\i\fs24 VoxExt:\tab }\tab Output audio file extension (Default is .vox)
\par {\b\i\fs24 TxtExt:}\tab \tab Output text file extension (Default is .txt)
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul IdxLst
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-2160\li2160\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\tx2160\tx2880 \f3\fs20 IdxLst [-help] IdxFile [-g -t -v]
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 List the header and content information of an indexed file.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Parameters\tab Description
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i -h:}\tab \tab \tab Display abbreviated help screen.
\par {\b\i IdxFile:}\tab \tab Source file name specification.
\par {\b\i -g:}\tab \tab \tab General header information listing inhibited.Use this setting to ignore the header information.
\par {\b\i -t:}\tab \tab \tab Text listing inhibited. Use this setting to ignore the text content of the indexed file.
\par {\b\i -v:}\tab \tab \tab Vox audio data listing inhibited. Use this setting to ignore the audio extent information of the indexed file.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul IdxPak
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-2160\li2160\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\tx2160\tx2880 \f3\fs20 IdxPak [-h] VoxFile IdxFile [-f -s -t]
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 Pack pure audio and text files into indexed files.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Parameters\tab Description
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i\fs24 -h:}\tab \tab \tab Display abbreviated help screen.
\par {\b\i\fs24 VoxFile:}\tab \tab Input file name specification.
\par {\b\i\fs24 IdxFile:}\tab \tab Output file name specification.
\par {\b\i\fs24 -fNNNN:\tab }\tab Set sample frequency to value NNNN.
\par {\b\i\fs24 -sX:\tab \tab }\tab Sort files; + up, - down. (Default is up).
\par {\b\i\fs24 -tSPEC:\tab }\tab Text file specification with * wildcard (Default is no text).
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul IdxReb
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-2160\li2160\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\tx2160\tx2880 \f3\fs20 IdxReb [-help] OldFile NewFile [-b -d -f -i -rt -rv -@]
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 Rebuild an existing index file. Optionally delete or insert indexes and index audio and text contents.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Parameters\tab Description
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i -h:}\tab \tab \tab Display abbreviated help screen.
\par {\b\i OldFile:}\tab \tab Source file name specification.
\par {\b\i NewFile:}\tab \tab Destination file name specification, if different from OldFile.
\par {\b\i -b:}\tab \tab \tab Inhibit creation of a backup file when no output file is specified. Use this setting to save disk space when no destination audio file is specified.
\par {\b\i -dNNNN:}\tab \tab Delete NNNN indexes, including @ position (Default is none). Use this setting to remove index entries and the associated audio and text.
\par {\b\i -fNNNN:}\tab \tab Set sample frequency to value NNNN. Use this setting to change the frequency stored in the header of the indexed file. This setting DOES NOT change the audio data.
\par {\b\i -iNNNN:}\tab \tab Insert NNNN new indexes before @ position (Default is none). Use this setting to add empty index entries.
\par {\b\i -rtFILE:}\tab \tab Replace annotation text @ position (Default is none). Use this setting to replace the annotation text contents of the specified index.
\par {\b\i -rvFILE:}\tab \tab Replace audio data @ position (Default is none). Use this setting to replace the audio contents of the specified index.
\par {\b\i -@XXXX}\tab \tab Perform operations @ index position (default is 1, end is 9999). Use this setting to limit operations to a range of indices.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul PCMCvt
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-2160\li2160\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\tx2160\tx2880 \f3\fs20 PCMCvt [-h] OldFile [NewFile] [-ac -b -di -do -fi -fo -li -ng -ni -no -pi -qa -qd\line -qe -ql -qr -q2 -si -so -va -vd -vn]
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 {\b\i Audio ToolBox} can convert to and from Microsoft Multimedia Wave (8, 16 & MS ADPCM), linear 16 and unsigned 8 bit, plus Dialogic 4 and 8 bit. {\b\i Audio ToolBox}
 lets you convert files recorded at 22 kHz, 11 kHz, 8 kHz and 6 kHz.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Parameters\tab Description
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i -h:}\tab \tab \tab Display abbreviated help screen.
\par {\b\i OldFile:}\tab \tab Source file name specification.
\par {\b\i NewFile:\tab }\tab Destination output file name specification. If not specified, {\b\i Audio ToolBox} will overwrite the input file.
\par {\b\i -acX.x:}\tab \tab \tab Auto-crop (Default frame length is .5 seconds).Use this setting to automatically remove silence from the beginning and end of the audio file.
\par {\b\i -b:}\tab \tab \tab Inhibit creation of a backup file when no output file is specified.
\par {\b\i {\*\bkmkstart DDE_LINK1}-diFormat:\tab }\tab Optional input data format, default is Multimedia Wave.
\par \pard\plain \s24\li2160\ri2160\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22\ul Value/ Meaning
\par \pard\plain \s25\li2160\ri2160\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 DLG004\tab Dialogic 4 bit.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 6 kHz.
\par DLG008\tab Dialogic 8 bit.
\par \tab \tab Default frequency is 6 kHz.
\par G11F08\tab CCITT G.711 (Folded) u-Law 8 bit.
\par \tab \tab Default frequency is 8 kHz.
\par G11I08\tab \tab CCITT G.711 (Inverted) a-Law 8 bit.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 8 kHz.
\par G21004\tab \tab CCITT G.721 4 bit ADPCM.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 8 kHz.\line \tab \tab (CCITT installation only)
\par MPC008\tab Multimedia 8 bit.
\par \tab \tab Default frequency is 11.025 kHz.
\par MPC016\tab Multimedia 16 bit.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 11.025 kHz.
\par NWV001\tab NewVoice CVSD 1 bit.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 24 kHz.\line \tab \tab (New Voice installation only)
\par PTC001\tab Perception Technology CVSD 1 bit.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 32 kHz.\line \tab \tab (Perception Technology installation only)
\par VIS016\tab \tab VIS Interchange format 16 bit.\line \tab \tab Frequency specified in file header.
\par WAV000\tab Wave Multimedia (input default).\line \tab \tab Frequency specified in file header.
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i {\*\bkmkend DDE_LINK1}-doFormat:\tab }\tab Optional output data format, user selects default when running setup. See previous for options.
\par {\b\i -fiFreq:}\tab \tab \tab Frequency of input file.
\par \pard\plain \s24\li2160\ri2160\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22\ul Value/ Meaning
\par \pard\plain \s25\li2160\ri2160\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 X.x\tab \tab Frequency in X.x kHz (Default is 11.05).
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i\fs24 -foFreq:}\tab \tab Frequency of output file.
\par \pard\plain \s24\li2160\ri2160\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22\ul Value/ Meaning
\par \pard\plain \s25\li2160\ri2160\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 X.x\tab \tab Frequency in X.x kHz (Default is 6.00).
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i -liXXXX:}\tab \tab Length of input file in bytes (Default is entire file). Use this setting to convert only a portion of the source audio file.
\par {\b\i -ngXXXX:}\tab \tab Name of global configuration file (Default is none). Use this setting to override internal conversion variables. For advanced users only.
\par {\b\i -niXXXX:}\tab \tab Name of input configuration file (Default is none). Use this setting to override internal conversion variables. For advanced users only.
\par {\b\i -noXXXX:}\tab \tab Name of output configuration file (Default is none). Use this setting to override internal conversion variables. For advanced users only.
\par {\b\i -piXXXX:}\tab \tab Position of input file beginning (Default is byte 0). Use this setting to skip a portion of the source audio file.
\par {\b\i -qa:}\tab \tab \tab Quality All: DTMF touch-tone and low pass anti-aliasing Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) filters on, FFT re-sampling on. (Default is none). Use this setting for best fidelity.
\par {\b\i -qdXXX:}\tab \tab DTMF touch-tone FFT filter on/ off (Default is "off"). Use this setting to remove touch-tone frequencies during conversion.
\par {\b\i -qeXXX:}\tab \tab Equalizer FFT filter on/ off (Default is "off"). Use this setting to perform frequency equalization. For advanced users only.
\par {\b\i -qlXXX:}\tab \tab Low pass anti-aliasing FFT filter on/ off (Default is "off"). Use the "on" setting for best fidelity.
\par {\b\i -qrXXX:}\tab \tab Re-sample FFT filter on/ off (Default is "off"). Use the "on" setting for best fidelity.
\par {\b\i -q2XXX:}\tab \tab Low pass 2 pole anti-alias filter off/ on/ fast (Default is "on"). Use the default "on" set
ting for standard fidelity. Use "fast" for standard fidelity with improved speed on 286/386 class computers. Use "off" for maximum conversion speed.
\par {\b\i -siXXX:}\tab \tab Swap input bit, nibble, byte or word (Default is none). Use this setting when converting files from non-Intel based computer. For advanced users only.
\par {\b\i -soXXX:}\tab \tab Swap output bit, nibble, byte or word (Default is none). Use this setting when converting files for non-Intel based computer. For advanced users only.
\par {\b\i -vaX.x:}\tab \tab \tab Volume adjust (+/-) (Default is 0.0 dB). Use this setting to increase the volume level of the destination audio file.
\par {\b\i -vdX.x:}\tab \tab \tab Volume dynamic compress/ expand (Default is 6.0 dB). Use this setting to improve the dynamic range of the destination audio file.
\par {\b\i -vnX.x:}\tab \tab \tab Volume normalize (Default is 0.2% over range). Use this setting to adjust the volume levels across multiple files.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul SndChp
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-2160\li2160\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\tx2160\tx2880 \f3\fs20 SndChp [-help] SndFile [VoxExt -co -di -fi - fl -fr -st -sa -sd]
\par \pard\plain \sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 Chop the specified file into individual files based upon periods of silence used as a separator.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\keepn \b\f2\fs28\ul Parameters\tab Description
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i -h:}\tab \tab \tab Display abbreviated help screen.
\par {\b\i SndFile:}\tab \tab Source file name specification.
\par {\b\i VoxExt:}\tab \tab Destination audio file extension (Default is .vox).
\par {\b\i -diFormat:\tab }\tab Optional input data format, default is Multimedia Wave.
\par \pard\plain \s24\li2160\ri2160\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22\ul Value/ Meaning
\par \pard\plain \s25\li2160\ri2160\sl-240\slmult1 \f75\fs22 DLG004\tab Dialogic 4 bit.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 6 kHz.
\par DLG008\tab Dialogic 8 bit.
\par \tab \tab Default frequency is 6 kHz.
\par G11F08\tab CCITT G.711 (Folded) u-Law 8 bit.
\par \tab \tab Default frequency is 8 kHz.
\par G11I08\tab \tab CCITT G.711 (Inverted) a-Law 8 bit.\line \tab \tab Default frequency is 8 kHz.
\par VIS016\tab \tab VIS Interchange format 16 bit.\line \tab \tab Frequency specified in file header.
\par WAV000\tab Wave Multimedia (input default).\line \tab \tab Frequency specified in file header.
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-2160\li2160\ri2160\sb240\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx720\tx1440 \f75\fs22 {\b\i -fiX.x:}\tab \tab \tab Frequency of input override in kHz. Use this setting to override the default sample frequency of the source audio file.
\par {\b\i -flX.x:}\tab \tab \tab Frame length for silence detector (Default is 1.0 seconds). Use this setting to change the length of silence considered as separating new files.
\par {\b\i -frX.x:}\tab \tab \tab Frame resolution for silence detector (Default is .01 seconds). Use this setting to change the level of detail used when analyzing a file. For advanced users only
\par {\b\i -stXXX:}\tab \tab Sound threshold level maximum percentage (Default is 2%). Use this setting to changed the audio level interpreted as "sound". Higher values result in higher immunity to noise, but lower sensitivity to sound.
\par {\b\i -saXXX:}\tab \tab Sensitivity attack ratio for silence detector (Default is 20% of frame). Use this setting to change the amount of sound that must be detected to recognize a 
transition from a region of silence to a region of active audio. Higher values result in higher immunity to noise, but increase the possibility of losing a portion of the beginning of active audio.
\par }