                                                                 1




      Audio ToolBox(TM) Conversion Utility Information on Site &
              Distribution Licenses and Custom Versions














Private Use (Shareware version)

This license is not necessary for clubs or user groups distributing
the software on a SHAREWARE basis, providing that the entire Audio
ToolBox package with accompanying documentation files is included in
the distribution, and no more than a nominal fee (not to exceed $20)
is charged for such distribution. The private use version displays a
brief message containing Voice Information Systems contact information
and copyright notification along with product marketing information.
ALL OF THE SHAREWARE AUTHOR'S RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN AND TO THE
SOFTWARE NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED ARE RESERVED EXCLUSIVELY BY THE AUTHOR.



Corporate and Governmental Site License

To use Audio ToolBox in a commercial, educational or governmental
agency on more than one computer, it is necessary to purchase a SITE
LICENSE. This is a license for use of the software within your company
or government agency, and is not transferable.  This allows internal
use and copying of the software for as many sites / computers as
contracted for. (See the ORDER FORM for Site License price schedule).
An unlimited Site License allows unlimited copying of the software for
internal use by your company or government agency. The Corporate and
Governmental use version displays a brief message containing Voice
Information Systems contact information and copyright notification.

Distributing, repackaging, or reselling of the software to third
parties is not allowed. All licenses are prepaid.

                                                                 2




Distribution License

This allows distribution of the Audio ToolBox software with software
that is distributed by your company or government agency. Private
labelling is available.

Complete and return the following Application for Distribution License
to receive a quotation.  There is no obligation to complete and return
the Application to receive a quotation.  You may fax or mail the
completed Application. VISI will send a written quotation.

This license is non-exclusive and non-transferable. A sample
Distribution Agreement is enclosed.  All licenses are prepaid.



Custom Versions of the Software

If you require any modifications or changes to the software, please
include detailed written information describing all changes you are
interested in.  Customization fees will be based on the extent of the
modifications required to the software so it performs as you describe.
Depending on the changes requested, please allow six to eight weeks
for custom versions of the software.

                                                                 3




Sample Site License:

                   VOICE INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC.
                       2118 WILSHIRE BLVD, #973
                     SANTA MONICA, CA  90403  USA
                             310-392-8780
                                   


VOICE INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC. hereby grants [ORGANIZATION NAME] a
site license for [NUMBER OF SITES/COMPUTERS LICENSED] computers for
the use of the following software programs:  [VISI PRODUCTS LICENSED].



This is a perpetual license for the use of the software within your
company, and is not transferable.  This license allows internal use
and copying of the software by as many users/ machines as contracted
for. Distribution, repackaging, or reselling of the software, to third
parties, is not allowed under this agreement.



The LICENSOR warrants that it is sole owner of the software and has
full power and authority to grant this license herein without consent
of any other party.



VISI hereby disclaims all warranties relating to this software,
whether express or implied, including without limitation any implied
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
VISI will not be liable for any special, incidental, consequential,
indirect or similar damages due to loss of data or any other reason,
even if VISI or an agent of VISI has been advised of the possibility
of such damages. In no event shall VISI's liability for any damages
ever exceed the price paid for the license to use the software,
regardless of the form of the claim.  The person using the software
bears all risk as to the quality and performance of the software.



This agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the STATE OF CALIFORNIA.  Any action or proceeding brought by
either party against the other arising out of or related to this
agreement shall be brought only in a STATE or FEDERAL COURT of
competent jurisdiction located in Los Angeles County, California. The
parties hereby consent to in personam jurisdiction of said courts.





                                                                 4


COMPANY: [ORGANIZATION NAME]



ADDRESS: [ORGANIZATION ADDRESS]



CITY:    [ORGANIZATION'S CITY]  STATE:  __   ZIP CODE: _____



COUNTRY: [ORGANIZATION'S COUNTRY]



_________________________________________  _________________

AUTHORIZED  SIGNATURE                      DATE



_______________________

TITLE





_________________________________________  _________________

VISI AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE                  DATE



_______________________

TITLE

                                                                 5




Sample Distribution License Agreement:



                   VOICE INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC.
                       2118 WILSHIRE BLVD, #973
                     SANTA MONICA, CA  90403  USA
                             310-392-8780


This agreement entered into, by and between VOICE INFORMATION SYSTEMS,
INC., a California corporation, located at 2118 Wilshire Blvd, #973,
Santa Monica, California 90403 (herein after referred to as
"LICENSOR"), and <COMPANY NAME> a <STATE> CORPORATION  located at
<ADDRESS, CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE> (herein after referred to as
"LICENSEE").



This contract allows LICENSEE to DISTRIBUTE the program(s) developed
by LICENSOR referred to as <VISI PRODUCT'S NAME> with software
developed by LICENSEE.  This perpetual license of the <VISI PRODUCT'S
NAME> software by LICENSOR TO LICENSEE IS NON-EXCLUSIVE AND NON-
TRANSFERABLE.  LICENSEE shall pay LICENSOR a one time fee of US
$<xxx.xx> in exchange for said license.  This is a license for
<DISTRIBUTION `TYPE'> distribution for use with <YOUR PRODUCT NAME>.

The LICENSOR warrants that it is sole owner of the software and has
full power and authority to grant this license herein without consent
of any other party.



Licensee represents and warrants the following: Licensee's Program(s)
may load and run, through either a menu or a programmatic interface
(i.e., through macros, DDE, etc.), Audio ToolBox *.Exe programs. If
Licensee's Program(s) allows the creation of a application, it shall
include documentation that clearly states that any application
developer using Licensee's Program(s) to create an application must
obtain a license agreement from VISI in order to distribute any VISI
files or functionality included in the Licensee's Program(s). The
following language must be displayed in a conspicuous location within
the user documentation for Licensee's Program(s):

"[Name of Licensee's Program] and Voice Information Systems Audio
ToolBox

"[Name of Licensee's Program] controls your file conversion through a
set of programs called Audio ToolBox, created by Voice Information
Systems Corporation. Audio ToolBox lets you batch process and convert
your digital audio files to and from industry standard formats.

                                                                 6


"Audio ToolBox is licensed software provided by Voice Information
Systems Incorporated, 2118 Wilshire Blvd, #973, Santa Monica, CA,
90403, USA (Voice: 1-800-234-VISI, Fax: 1-800-234-FXIT). Audio ToolBox
is Copyright 1987 - 1994 by authorized agent Voice Information Systems
Incorporated which reserves all copyright protection worldwide. Audio
ToolBox is provided to you for the exclusive purpose of running [Name
of Licensee's Program]. [Licensee] is exclusively responsible for the
support of [Name of Licensee's Program]. In no event will Voice
Information Systems Incorporated be able to provide technical support
for [Name of Licensee's Program]."



Licensee warrants that it will cause this copyright notice for the
PRODUCT, "Portions (C) Copyright Voice Information Systems Corp. 1987-
1994. All rights reserved." to appear on the copyright page in the
documentation of the Licensee's Program(s), on the labels of each disk
that includes any part of the PRODUCT, as part of the sign-on message
or boot-up screen for each of Licensee's Program(s), and as part of
the "About..." dialog box in the Licensee's Program(s). Licensee
agrees to use the appropriate trademark symbol and clearly indicate
VISI's ownership of the trademark or trade name whenever the PRODUCT
name, VISI's name, or VISI's trade name or trademark is first
mentioned in any manner in connection with the PRODUCT or Licensee's
Program(s). Licensee shall refer to the PRODUCT and Voice Information
Systems Audio ToolBox by the trade name Voice Information Systems
Audio ToolBox(TM). Licensee shall not represent, explicitly or
implicitly, that functionality provided by the PRODUCT was developed
by anyone other than VISI.



VISI hereby disclaims all warranties relating to this software,
whether express or implied, including without limitation any implied
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
VISI will not be liable for any special, incidental, consequential,
indirect or similar damages due to loss of data or any other reason,
even if VISI or an agent of VISI has been advised of the possibility
of such damages. In no event shall VISI's liability for any damages
ever exceed the price paid for the license to use the software,
regardless of the form of the claim.  The person using the software
bears all risk as to the quality and performance of the software.

This agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the STATE OF CALIFORNIA.  Any action or proceeding brought by
either party against the other arising out of or related to this
agreement shall be brought only in a STATE or FEDERAL COURT of
competent jurisdiction located in Los Angeles county, California. The
parties hereby consent to in personam jurisdiction of said courts.



This agreement can only be modified by mutual written consent of both
parties.

                                                                 7






COMPANY:  <COMPANY NAME>



_________________________________________  _________________

AUTHORIZED  SIGNATURE                      DATE



_______________________

TITLE





_________________________________________  _________________

VISI AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE                  DATE



_______________________

TITLE



                                                                 8




Distribution License Application



NAME: ______________________________________________________





COMPANY: ___________________________________________________





TITLE: _________________________________   DATE: ___________





ADDRESS: ___________________________________________________





CITY: _________________________________   STATE:  __________





ZIP CODE: ____________   COUNTRY: __________________________





TELEPHONE: (_____)______________   FAX: (____)______________







1)   State the names(s) of the software package(s) or program(s) which
     will be distributed using the VISI programs:
     
     _______________________________________________________

                                                                 9


2)   Please describe the intended usage of the VISI programs indicated
     in question 1.  If possible, please describe the software
     packages(s) that you intend to distribute with or using the VISI
     programs, and their price or price range. Also, please list any
     other relevant information (feel free to attach additional
     sheets):












3)   In what quantity do you estimate distributing the software
     indicated above?  ________ copies per year ____ or one time ____
     (check only one).


4)  Incorporated in what state/country: ___________________.


